Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
("WILL YOU STILL LOVE ME
TOMORROW" BY AMY WINEHOUSE)
♪ Tonight
You're mine ♪
♪ Completely ♪
(EXPLOSION)
♪ You give your love ♪
♪ So sweetly ♪
(EXPLOSION. GLASS SHATTERS)
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ The light of love
Is in your eyes ♪
♪ Will you still love me
Tomorrow? ♪
(SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE)
♪ Is this a lasting ♪
(THUD. FIRE ROARS)
♪ Treasure? ♪
- (INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
- (MUSIC FADES)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
OFFICER 1: Ma'am. are you okay?
Can you hear me?
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
OFFICER 1: I've got someone
on the south lawn.
We need paramedics over here
right away.
- DISPATCH: Copy that.
- (RADIO BEEPS)
OFFICER 1: Jesus Christ.
What happened to you?
- (SIRENS WAILING)
- (FIRE ROARING)
- In-laws.
- (EXPLOSION)
OFFICER 2:
Did she say. "in-laws"?
(SIRENS CONTINUE)
OFFICER 1:
What about your in-laws. ma'am?
- (PEOPLE SHOUTING)
- (BREATHES SHAKILY. GASPS)
OFFICER 2:
Hey. hey. hey. stay with us.
- (GASPING)
- Just keep your eyes on me.
OFFICER 2: Take it easy.
Slow. steady breaths.
OFFICER 2:
Whoa!
OFFICER 1: She's down!
Get that stretcher over here!
(MUSIC RESUMES)
PARAMEDIC: Get her loaded up
and tell county
we've got one inbound.
Critical condition.
- Ready? One. two. three.
- (HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
♪ You say that
I'm the only one ♪
PARAMEDIC: One. two. up.
♪ But will my heart ♪
PARAMEDIC: Stay with us.
♪ Be broken? ♪
- (SHOUTING)
- (SIRENS WAILING)
♪ When the night ♪
(SHOUTING CONTINUES)
♪ Meets the morning sun? ♪
- PARAMEDIC 1: She in?
- PARAMEDIC 2: Yeah.
Let's get
a set of vital signs on her.
I'm gonna get oxygen on.
PARAMEDIC 2: Cuff's on.
PARAMEDIC 1:
I'm gonna check pupils.
PARAMEDIC 2: Auscultating.
- (SIREN WAILING)
- (ON RADIO) 10-4. Transport.
PARAMEDIC 2:
I don't have a pressure.
PARAMEDIC 1: No pupil response.
Let's check a pulse.
PARAMEDIC 2: No pulse.
She's in cardiac arrest.
PARAMEDIC 1:
Starting compressions.
(AED SQUEALING)
PARAMEDIC 2:
Charging. Two hundred.
- Ready. Clear!
- (DEFIBRILLATOR THUDS)
- (RUMBLING)
- (CHEERING)
(MUSIC CONTINUES DISTANTLY)
PARAMEDIC 1:
Hospital. we're coming in
with a Caucasian female.
Mid-to-late 20s. in severe
shock. multiple lacerations.
possible gunshot wound
to the left hand.
through and through.
PARAMEDIC 2: Pulse. No pulse.
PARAMEDIC 1:
I'll get on compressions again.
- (AED SQUEALING)
- PARAMEDIC 2: Charging.
Two hundred. Clear!
- (DEFIBRILLATOR THUDS)
- "Hide-and-Seek".
- She's in here!
- (SCREAMS)
(VOICES. MUFFLED)
PARAMEDIC 2:
All right. Got a pulse?
PARAMEDIC 1: Pulse check.
PARAMEDIC 1:
Still no pulse.
PARAMEDIC 2: Charging.
In three. two. one. clear.
- ALEX: Hail Satan!
- (SCREAMS)
- (THUD)
- (GASPS)
♪ Will you still love me ♪
♪ Tomorrow? ♪
(MUSIC STOPS)
(MONITOR BEEPING)
(METALLIC RATTLE)
What the f...?
BASSETT: Mrs. Le Domas?
Where am I?
You're in Woolbury. Connecticut.
St. John's Hospital.
Why am I handcuffed?
Mrs. Le Domas...
It's Miss MacCaullay.
It... It says here you married
an Alex Le Domas.
(WHISPERING) It didn't work out.
I'm Detective Roger Bassett.
You're in some trouble.
Miss MacCaullay.
You're being detained by
the Woolbury Police Department.
under suspicion
of arson and murder.
(CHUCKLES WRYLY)
They found the remains
of two people in the house...
- 'Kay.
- ...after they put out the fire.
And your clothes
were drenched in blood.
It wasn't yours.
Now. you care to
make a statement?
Could you pass me a cigarette?
This is not going to go well
for you. Miss MacCaullay.
(SIGHS)
(ELEVATOR BEEPS)
BASSETT:
Things would go a lot easier
if you would just cooperate.
- She has a visitor.
- Are you expecting someone?
(THUDS)
Oh. shit. Look at you.
- (SIGHS)
- What are you doing here?
Well. I'm still
your emergency contact.
So. thanks for that.
- Who are you?
- Faith MacCaullay. Who are you?
Uh. family?
Biologically speaking.
yeah. we're sisters.
but we're not family.
(EXHALES. CHUCKLES)
Okay.
BASSETT: I'm gonna give you
a few minutes.
and then I'm gonna take you to
the station. get that statement.
(DOOR CLOSES)
What happened?
You wouldn't believe me.
That's probably true.
but I drove all the way out
to bumfuck Connecticut. so...
Where'd you come from?
You mean. where do I live?
Sure.
Murray Hill.
I'm in Chelsea.
(SIGHS) Yeah. cool.
How long have you lived
in New York?
I moved out there when I was 18.
Just like you.
- And you never thought to...
- Grace. come on.
You made it very clear
a long time ago
that you're not interested
in being my sister.
- Okay. Sure.
- Okay? And the feeling's mutual.
I'm not here for a reunion.
Yeah. it's good to see you too.
How are you?
I'm fucking amazing.
- Yeah? Good.
- Yeah. really good.
- I'm a social media coordinator.
- Mm-hmm.
I live in a kick-ass
one bedroom.
and I have a hot as fuck
boyfriend named Derek.
And I didn't have to fuck
Alex Le Domas to get it.
I did it all by myself.
How do you know about Alex?
I saw you together once at
the Whole Foods on 25th and 7th.
He's tall.
You could have said something.
Why? I'm in a good place.
- You're a negative person.
- I'm not a negative person.
And even though
you abandoned me...
I did not abandon you!
...I still believe in
the fundamental goodness
of humanity.
Oh. my God. if you knew
what I'd just been through.
Then tell me.
I told you.
you wouldn't believe me.
All right.
I'm glad you're okay.
But you haven't changed.
I'm just gonna go.
Um. Faith. wait.
After the wedding. Alex
tells me I have to pull a card.
Play whatever game it says.
Some kind of...
...initiation ritual.
Which I thought was weird.
But I wanted them to like me.
because they were gonna
be my new family.
(SCOFFS) Anyway...
I pull "Hide-and-Seek."
and it gets real quiet.
Because apparently...
(CHUCKLES)
(SNIFFLES)
...that's the bad card.
And they think they have to try
to sacrifice me to the devil.
They told me I could win
if I stayed hidden till dawn.
But they thought if I won...
...they'd die. (SCOFFS)
So they hunted me.
I got shot through the hand.
beat to shit by a butler.
And my...
My husband stabbed me.
But I made it till dawn.
I fucking won.
So...
...did they drop dead?
No.
They blew up.
They blew up?
And then after they blew up.
there was a guy in a chair.
And he nodded at me.
Who was the guy in the chair?
I don't know.
But he was see-through
so I'm pretty sure he was...
...you know.
(INHALES)
You are so going to jail.
Yeah.
(BEEPING)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)
(EXHALES)
(PHONE RINGING)
(SIGHS)
Approve the ceasefire.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
LAWYER:
Good morning. Mr. Danforth.
It's been a long time.
I have some news.
- (BEEPING)
- (CLEARS THROAT)
Leave us.
The Le Domases are no more.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Pernilla.
Can you find my children?
PERNILLA: Of course.
I'll inform the others.
(DINGS)
(LINE TRILLING)
(MAN SPEAKS CHINESE)
(IN CHINESE)
(ALARM RINGS)
"Collection of weathered houses
clutter the shore..."
(SPEAKS SPANISH) Deja
el puto pelo. Carmen. coño.
Who wrote this shit?
No. I-I'll just wing it. I'll do
my own thing. Like always.
(WOMAN SPEAKING SPANISH)
Uno. dos. tres.
(CROWD CHEERING)
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Ostia.
Puta madre .
Me cago en la ostia. puta!
Ven acá. tía.
Ay. Dios.
All right. t-tell William
to gas up the jet.
("GRAVE DIGGER: PART 2"
BY ICE NINE KILLS PLAYS)
(GROWLS. SIGHS)
It's my time. motherfucker.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
Betsy! Bring me my knives!
(DANCE MUSIC POUNDING)
(DANCE MUSIC
CONTINUES POUNDING)
This is our chance!
Le Bail be praised!
Yeah!
Shots!
- Shots!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
Shots!
(DOORS SLIDE OPEN)
- (MONITOR BEEPING)
- (SIGHS)
(DOORS SLIDE SHUT)
Father?
The Le Domases failed.
The bride survived.
The ball is in play.
No. That's not fair. It's...
It's ours.
It doesn't matter.
It's in the rules.
You know what you have to do.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
Dad. (GASPING)
(WEAKLY) Please.
Be a fucking man!
You're a Danforth.
(SIGHS)
This must never leave
our family.
You must win the seat back.
We will.
You have my word.
(EXHALES)
Well...
Get on with it.
(MONITOR CONTINUES BEEPING)
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
(STRAINING SOFTLY)
- (MUFFLED GRUNTS)
- URSULA: (GRUNTS)
(ALL GRUNTING)
(MUFFLED CRIES)
(MONITOR BEEPING RAPIDLY)
- (SUSTAINED TONE)
- (GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
- Titus.
- (GRUNTS FORCEFULLY)
It's over.
(PANTING)
(SUSTAINED TONE CONTINUES)
(WHISPERS) Not for the bride.
BASSETT:
All right. Miss MacCaullay.
We'll get you some clothes.
then continue our conversation
at the station.
(CHUCKLES)
I can't wait for you
to tell me about that goat pit...
- (GAGS)
- (WOMEN GASP)
(ALL SCREAMING. GASPING)
(SCREAMING)
What? No!
Shut up! Shut up!
- FAITH: (SOBBING. WHIMPERING)
- (GAGGING)
It's all gonna be yours!
Well. fuck the rules!
BILL: (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(THUDS)
(LIGHT WHIMPERING)
(GROWLS SOFTLY)
(WHIMPERING CONTINUES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SHOUTS)
(SHRIEKS)
Please. Please. Please.
(GIGGLES)
Mrs. Le Domas!
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(WOMEN GASP)
BILL: Where are you?
(WHISPERS)
What the fuck is going on?
This can't be happening again.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
FAITH: No. no.
Listen. I need a weapon.
I'm going back to the cop.
(GASPS. WHISPERING)
No! Do not leave me.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay.
(DOOR OPENS)
(SOFT GRUNTING)
(SNIFFS)
(SIGHS)
(CACKLES)
- (DOOR CLOSES)
- Mrs. Le Domas!
Where are you. sweet Goldilocks?
(WHIMPERS)
(PANTING QUIETLY)
(DOOR CLOSES DISTANTLY)
(DOOR CLOSES NEARER)
(BOTH SCREAM)
(GUNFIRE)
Jesus!
Grace!
Not so good
at Hide-and-Seek now.
No. no. no!
(SHOUTS)
FAITH: (SCREAMING)
- (BREATHING SHAKILY)
- (WHIMPERING)
(SCREAMS)
What the fuck?
(GASPING)
You're okay.
There could be more coming.
I gotta get out of these cuffs.
okay?
FAITH: What the fuck?
What the fuck?
(SIGHS)
(BOTH GASPING)
GRACE: We gotta get out of here
and disappear.
What the fuck are you doing?
I might have to fight.
I can't fight in this gown.
No time to look for new clothes.
You have to fight?
Okay. Okay.
Mmm.
(ZIPS)
(GASPING)
Come on. we gotta go.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(HISSES)
(COUGHING. GASPING)
LAWYER: What a mess.
Looks like Mr. Wilkinson
tried to kill the girl
before the game could begin.
And condemned his entire
bloodline to a premature end.
But that's what happens
when you break
one of Mr. Le Bail's rules.
Hello. there.
And who might you be?
And right then I knew. that
we were both going to make it.
(LIGHT FLUTE MUSIC PLAYS)
Because we had this moment
to live for.
And here we are.
We made it.
I love you so much.
Mark.
When we met that day
in the chemo ward...
Ladies and gentlemen.
I am terribly sorry to tell you
but I'm going to have to ask
you all to vacate the premises.
Unfortunately.
we have a gas leak.
(LIGHT GASPS. CHATTER)
Are you fucking kidding me?
(CROWD GASPS)
She's not.
Kindly get the fuck out.
Besides. you could do
way better.
(SCATTERED CHUCKLES)
CONCIERGE:
Attention ladies and gentlemen.
Due to unforeseen circumstances.
the resort is closed.
Please remain calm...
- These people need to go home.
- (BABIES CRYING)
Get the fuck out.
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
Why do you always feel the need
to be such a dick?
A little grace goes a long way.
WOMAN: (SHOUTING)
Where is the manager?
Thought it was funny.
Today is not the day for funny.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Dad gave us a mission.
and I'm not gonna let him down.
Yo. cousins.
How long has it been?
I'm gonna sauna it up.
Come get me
when the fireworks start.
- Dick tap.
- (GRUNTS)
You don't have to speak to him.
Just don't start anything. okay?
- Not today.
- Mmm.
- (WHISPERS) Fucking Kip.
- (SIGHS)
It had to be done.
(GROANS. SNIFFS)
You look just like him
when you're sad.
(CONCIERGE)
Please remain calm
and proceed in
an orderly fashion
to the exits.
I repeat. please remain calm
and proceed to the exits
in an orderly fashion.
Ladies and gentlemen.
pack up your shit
and get the fuck out. please.
(CROWD GASPS)
(OVERLAPPING CHATTER)
When was the last time
The Council actually
convened in person?
October. 1963.
(OVERLAPPING CHATTER)
I looked it up.
TITUS: Well. they're on
their way to The Lodge now.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
And so it begins.
- (MUSIC CONTINUES)
- (SCOFFS)
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Joder.
- Yeah.
- URSULA: Ignacio.
Felipe.
(SPEAKS SPANISH) Buenos Dias.
Señora Danforth.
You haven't aged a day.
Mmm.
No Francesca?
I thought for sure
she'd want to be here for this.
She'll be along. believe me.
No. she wouldn't miss this
for the world. No.
It's exciting. It's...
Well. it's exciting for me.
It's terrifying for you. yes.
And you.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Bueno. vamos. Felipe.
(GRUNTS)
Ursula.
CHEN XING: Titus.
You remember my son. Cheng Fu?
Chen Xing. Cheng Fu.
(SPEAKS CHINESE)
What's the Wi-Fi password?
(POP MUSIC THUMPS)
("CRAZY" BY 4MINUTE PLAYS)
Be nice.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
Madhu. Viraj.
URSULA: Martina. Welcome.
So how's this shit work?
Our guest will be arriving soon.
and then The Lawyer
will explain everything.
Ah. lawyer!
Speak slow for this beautiful
dumb-dumb over here.
- Single syllable words.
- (CHUCKLES)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC RESUMES)
(PAINED GROAN)
Appears our guest of honor
is arriving.
(HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING)
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- (GASPS)
(GASPS)
Hello. Grace.
I'm Ursula Danforth.
This is my brother. Titus.
Welcome to our home.
(GASPING)
(GAGGING)
May I speak to it. Father?
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Sí. sí. Dale.
Felipe. it can't hurt you.
Did you see Mr. Le Bail?
(GASPING)
One second.
I just gotta take a quick selfie
before we start.
Yo!
(CHUCKLES)
CHEN XING:
This girl bested the Le Domases.
And Bill Wilkinson.
Can we start this. please?
And where the fuck is Chester?
Our father...
...passed.
- What the fuck?
- What?
What?
Last night.
In his sleep.
- (SIGHS)
- Wait. wait. wait.
So does that mean
that you're playing now?
As we are twins. we will
both be taking the field. yes.
- (GROUP GROANING)
- MADHU: What the fuck? No.
- No!
- CHEN XING: How convenient.
(IN SPANISH) Te dije que
los Danforth son unas víboras.
Y que iban a hacer trampas.
IGNACIO: (SPEAKS SPANISH)
No te preocupes.
Grace. I realize
this must be terrifying for you.
(SCOFFS)
But you are here for a very
special. very exciting reason.
- (GASPS)
- (DOOR OPENS)
(HEAVY DOORS CREAK OPEN)
(MUFFLED GROANING)
(GRUNTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC. CHANTING)
Madhu.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES)
(THUD ECHOES)
You've caused quite a stir.
Mrs. Le Domas.
GRACE:
(GASPING) MacCaullay.
I am the sole attorney
for Mr. Le Bail
and the Le Bail Organization.
The Organization is led
by a Council
made up of the heads
of six families.
- including your in-laws.
- (GASPS)
Now that the Le Domas
and Wilkinson families
have been wiped out.
The Council of Six Families
is currently down to four.
The reason you're here.
is that by surviving Le Domas's
game of "Hide-and-Seek."
you triggered
a very seldom-used clause
in our organization's bylaws.
You see. on The Council.
there is one seat
with more power than the others.
The High Seat.
And it comes
with this sigil of power.
Until now. that seat was
occupied by Chester Danforth.
I presume you've heard of him.
Because you triggered
that clause.
the High Seat is now vacant
for the first time
in many. many years.
And believe it or not.
you've been given an opportunity
to win the High Seat.
No.
It's very rare
that someone survives a game.
so it comes with this reward.
And the heads of
the remaining Council families
will try to win the seat
for themselves.
Or in our case. take back
what should still be ours.
This clause
is so fucking stupid.
Ah. You're afraid one of us is
going to take Daddy's place. eh?
You never know.
Mrs. Le Domas could win.
(LAUGHING)
So. as Ms. Danforth said.
this is all actually good news.
Mr. Le Bail has smiled
upon thee.
Hail Satan.
(BOTH GASPING)
Do you have any questions?
(MUFFLED)
Uh-huh. Yeah.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Can I have a cigarette?
No.
- (SCOFFS)
- (LIGHTER CLICKS)
Your sister's existence
was quite a surprise.
You told the Le Domases
that you had no family.
And yet. here is Faith.
Grace and Faith.
Fucking Irish Catholics.
(WHISPERS) Well. listen.
we can make this real quick
'cause I don't want
your fucking chair!
I suppose I wasn't clear.
The High Seat
controls The Council.
and The Council controls...
...well. everything.
Everything?
The world.
So. what. I just have to pull
another card or something?
THE LAWYER:
That won't be necessary.
Think of this as
"Double or Nothing."
Because you survived
the Le Domases' game
of "Hide-and-Seek."
you will play that game again.
(SHRIEKS) No!
This time.
with The Council members.
Fucking baby shit. man.
So for me to win the seat...
Survive until dawn.
And the rest of them?
This part will be familiar.
They will try to kill you.
Whoever does wins the seat.
(WHIMPERING)
Now. we must fill the seat
by dawn.
or Mr. Le Bail will be...
...very upset.
The winner w...
- Ha! Fuck yeah!
- (YELPS)
(GASPS)
(SPEAKS CHINESE)
- Hail Satan.
- (CHUCKLES)
The winner will be coronated
in a special ceremony
in The Black Temple.
The crème de la crème
of Mr. Le Bail's faithful
will be in attendance.
It's a whole... thing.
I'm not playing.
Oh. I'm sorry.
- That's the other thing.
- I'm not playing!
You have to compete.
(WHISPERS)
I'm still not playing.
Okay.
Pernilla. kill the sister.
- GRACE: (GASPS)
- FAITH: (YELPS)
No. no. no!
Fuck! Don't hurt her!
FAITH: (YELPING. PANTING)
You can take that off.
- (SOBS)
- (PANTING)
Listen. you guys seem
like good people.
and I don't even know
why I'm here.
We haven't seen each other
in. like. seven years.
Why not?
It's complicated.
Nice leverage. moron.
This thing doesn't even care
about the other thing.
You two don't get along?
We had a falling out.
About what?
- She's a fucking twat.
- Her being an asshole.
Allow me to wrap up.
The game will begin
at exactly 2:31 p.m..
in observance of the exact time
Mr. Le Bail was...
- (SLAMS)
- (SIGHS)
Daddy?
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Mi amor.
- (SPEAKS SPANISH) ¿Cómo estás?
- (KISSES TWICE)
Well. holy shit. Here you are.
Okay.
Francesca El Caído.
you dumb slut.
Okay.
Alex's ex-fiancé.
Where the fuck is my ring.
bitch?
He bought it for me
before you stole him.
(INHALES)
I threw it at him
right before he exploded.
(SCOFFS)
(WHISPERS) You're nothing
but a gold-digging whore.
You see. Alex wasn't stupid.
but he sure was
fucking gullible.
- (CHUCKLES)
- You ruined my life!
And I don't even know
who the fuck you are.
Okay. okay. No. no. no.
Daddy...
I'm gonna fucking kill her.
THE LAWYER: Ladies and
gentlemen. we should get moving.
Pernilla?
Wait.
I want to do it.
GRACE: (GASPING) No. No.
No. no. no!
I just want you to know.
it's going to be me
who gets you. okay?
No! No! No!
No!
(WHIMPERING)
No. no. no!
I'm just her emergency contact!
THE LAWYER: The Council members
must use a weapon
that existed during the period
in which their ancestor
made his or her bargain
with Mr. Le Bail.
The Council members are
not allowed to kill each other.
If they do. even by accident.
Mr. Le Bail will be angry.
And the offending family's
entire bloodline
will be punished.
Beyond that. anything goes.
I don't want to use
the blood pen.
Well. can you at least
sterilize it?
Fuck's sake.
(GROANS)
THE LAWYER: The families may
observe the proceedings
from the club room.
In the unlikely event that any
of the hunters should perish.
the next person in that family's
line of succession
must take their place
on the field.
Best of luck to you all.
Aren't you gonna change. bro?
Why?
None of us are gonna
have to go out there.
Chester trained his kids
since they could walk
in case this day ever came.
This will be over
in five minutes.
It better be.
I've got a massage in an hour.
THE LAWYER:
The girl will begin the game
on the ninth hole green.
Hunters. take your places.
The game will begin in ten...
...nine...
...eight...
...seven...
...six...
...five...
...four...
...three...
...two...
...one.
(METALLIC CLANKING)
(DEEP HORN SOUNDS)
VIRAJ: There are
no fucking keys.
Oh. did I forget to
put the keys in there?
Fucking cheaters!
URSULA: Go!
(SHOUTS. PANTING)
Idiots.
Eat shit. suckers!
(WHIMPERS)
What the fuck?
(GASPING)
(GASPS)
- Faith?
- Yeah?
Faith. wake up.
Ah!
- Grace. stop it.
- We've got to go.
Get up. We've gotta go.
- We gotta get up. We gotta move.
- Oh. shit.
We gotta get up.
- Shit!
- We gotta get up.
- Come on. get up.
- Oh. fuck!
- Fuck! They're coming.
- Oh. God.
- They're coming.
- Oh. my God.
Why do they wanna hurt me?
They don't give a shit
about you.
You're here to slow me down.
If you don't do exactly
what I say. we are going to die.
Do you understand?
So we obviously share the seat
when we get it back.
but who gets to wear the ring?
Well. Dad wanted me
to be the one in charge. so...
Bullshit.
He told me.
Yeah. well. he told me
it should be me.
(CACKLES) No. he didn't.
(BEEPING)
We're gonna get to the woods.
We're gonna go to the woods.
Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. what if there's people
waiting for us
in the fucking woods?
Stop it. This is not a debate.
I am in charge!
Oh. you're in charge?
It's your fucking fault
I'm here.
All I did was forget to
remove you
as my emergency contact.
It's been seven years!
You don't know anybody else?
Fine. Whoever kills her
gets to wear the ring.
I'm not agreeing to that.
(DRONE WHIRS)
What the fuck is that?
God!
Holy shit! What is that?
(SCREAMS)
- CHEN XING: Hold on! Listen!
- Get it!
- This is Wan Chen Xing.
We met earlier.
Whoa! Hold on!
There's a way out of this.
I had my lawyers scour
the bylaws.
and we found a loophole.
- All we have to do is...
- (GUNSHOT)
(GASPS) Oh. my God!
(GASPING)
Nice shot.
There she is. Get her!
(BOTH WHIMPERING)
- (GUNSHOT)
- Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
God damn it!
Skippy. screens.
They weren't supposed to make it
off the green.
Give me the fucking thing.
FAITH: (GASPS)
GRACE: God damn it!
There's no way
we're getting over that.
There's gotta be a tree
we could climb.
Oh. we're going to climb
with handcuffs?
Okay.
Okay. okay. Fuck!
Okay. Turn it on.
What the fuck is this?
No. just press "Input One."
- Yeah. no. it's right there.
- Show me fucking "Input One."
MADHU:
Go press "Menu"...
- (CLEARS THROAT)
- ...and then go...
(SPEAKS CROATIAN)
Naje.
Stupid fucking idiots.
MADHU: Where the fuck are they?
(SIGHS)
Grace. we've been running
forever.
Fuck! Ow! Fuck!
Can you just slow down. please?
- Fuck!
- What... Oh.
I'm sorry. Okay.
I can't believe you dragged me
into this shit.
How does this even happen?
You're telling me
you didn't know
your fiancé was in a devil cult?
Seems kinda hard to miss.
I mean. your attention must
have been on all that money.
What?
What does that mean?
Nothing. I'm just saying
that I work for my shit
and I don't need rich dick
to solve my problems.
- Ew. Fuck you.
- Fuck you.
- Fuck you!
Okay. what does Derek do?
Finance.
Oh. and I'm chasing rich dick?
He was a starving actor
when we first met.
Starving actor
with a fallback MBA?
You think I made up Derek.
Kinda now. Yeah.
You think I'm pathetic.
You just can't handle
that I made it and you didn't.
- GRACE: (GASPS)
- FAITH: Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
URSULA: Grace...
There's no use in hiding.
I know you think
we're the bad guys here.
But there are no good guys
or bad guys.
There's just the system.
Whether you realize it or not.
you're a part of it too.
You contribute to it.
Hell. you enable it.
I'm no more evil than you are.
We're just a small part
of something
that is much bigger than us.
- Isn't it best to just...
- What you gonna do with that?
- We can do it. We can do it.
- URSULA: ...accept your fate...
...and die
with a little dignity?
- (GASPS)
- (SHOUTS)
- TITUS: (GRUNTS)
- WOMEN: (YELP)
(ALL STRAINING. GRUNTING)
FAITH: No!
Come on!
GRACE: Handcuffs.
- GRACE: Go. go. go!
- FAITH: Oh. shit!
FAITH:
Go. go. go! Run. run. run!
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS) Get up.
Oh. my God.
You cannot fuck up like that.
The only way to make what
we did to Dad mean something.
is to win
that fucking seat back.
- Titus!
- (GRUNTS)
Do you understand?
That is the only way it matters.
(SIGHS)
Let's go to that building
and look for a phone.
The longer
we're on this property.
the better their chances
of finding us.
We need to figure out a way
to get over that wall.
Let's just make a run for it.
It's completely exposed.
You are too impulsive.
You never think things through.
They don't have anywhere
to hide either.
You're gonna get us both killed.
(SPEAKS SPANISH. SINGSONG)
Y ahora me toca. toca a mí.
A los Danforth ya los jodí .
¿Qué vas a ganar. tía?
Ni pollas en vinagre.
(RATTLES)
(EXCLAIMING IN SPANISH)
Joder. qué gilipollas.
It's too risky. It's too risky.
Okay. just let me
think this through.
Sometimes you gotta take a risk.
(GASPS)
Was that a gunshot?
- (GUNSHOT)
- FAITH: (SCREAMS)
(SPEAKS SPANISH) Por fin.
Ya. ya. ya. Por fin.
BOTH: (SHRIEKING)
- Found 'em.
- Who's fucking shooting them?
Oh!
(INAUDIBLE)
- Daddy!
- Yes!
- (GUNSHOTS)
- (YELPING)
(GUNSHOTS CONTINUE)
- (BOTH YELLING)
- (GLASS BREAKING)
- Your dad fucking sucks.
- (LAUGHING)
- MADHU: Shit.
- He never practices.
If she gets away.
I swear to fucking God.
(CLICKING)
Are you sure
you want to do that?
(GASPS) I was ju...
No.
- Ow! Fuck! Shit!
- (GUNSHOTS)
(GUNSHOTS CONTINUE)
He's getting better.
(GASPING)
GRACE: No more fucking risks!
I have an idea.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Joder.
Aha.
(SPEAKS SPANISH) La verdad
que sí. que me toca a mí.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Qué diablos es...
(COUGHING)
(EXCLAIMING IN SPANISH)
!Mierda. mierda. mierda!
(SCREAMING)
- (CLANG)
- VIRAJ: (SHOUTS)
(SCREAMS)
(EXCLAIMS IN SPANISH)
!Coño!
GRACE: (SCREAMS)
No!
(GASPING)
GRACE: (PAINED SCREAMING)
Oh. my God!
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Fucker!
- Oh. my God!
- Fuck. don't look at it!
Don't look at it!
No. no. no. no. no.
Oh. Oh. Praise Le Bail.
(PANTING)
Okay. Okay.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Hijo de la gran puta.
Fuck!
(BOTH PANTING)
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
GRACE: Okay. Okay. Okay.
We gotta find a phone.
FAITH: You're leaving
a trail of blood behind.
We need to sit down.
Come on. Sit here.
GRACE: Okay. Fuck.
(GASPING)
Sit.
Okay. Fuck.
(GROANING)
Oh...
All right.
Let's do the little one.
One. two...
- ...three.
- (GASPING)
Just focus on me. Ready?
Okay. What are you.
a part-time nurse. too?
I don't know. Maybe I am.
(PAINED YELP)
So. what did you do
after you graduated?
(YELPS)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
I. um... I didn't finish.
I had to drop out.
(PAINED GASP)
- Seriously?
- Yeah. Then I waited tables.
After all that
"follow your dreams" shit?
Yeah. well. sometimes dreams
don't work out.
(GASPS)
And then I met Alex.
And that dream
didn't work out either.
Okay. It's gonna burn.
(PANTING)
(YELPS)
FAITH: All right.
(GASPS)
I tried to find you. you know.
I wanted to invite you
to the wedding.
I wouldn't have come.
Yeah.
I know. But I wanted you to know
that I wanted you there.
(GASPING. YELPS)
(PANTING)
Well. there's no fucking way
you would've gotten me
in one of those ugly-ass
bridesmaids dresses. so...
- (GASPS)
- All right. all right.
- Shot for the pain?
- Yeah.
(GASPING)
Although nothing's gonna numb
the pain of being with you.
To surviving till dawn.
Again.
(DOOR OPENS)
(GASPING)
(DOOR CREAKS. THUDS)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
- (SQUEAKS)
- (GASPS)
GRACE: Come on. this way.
(WHISPERS) Fuck.
(CHUCKLING)
(WHISPERS) In here.
GRACE: Okay. Listen to me.
We're gonna have to fight him.
I think we can take him.
- Fight him?
- We're gonna have to... Shh.
It's okay. We can take him.
We've always had each other's
backs in a fight. Okay?
(PANTING)
We can do this.
Come here. Come here. Come here.
That's gonna make
a lot of noise.
I know. It's now or never.
(WHIRRING)
Okay. Can you hold still?
You hold still.
(SAWBLADE BUZZING)
(MUFFLED PANTING)
(SAW WHIRRING)
(WHIRRING SLOWS)
- You can't hide from...
- (SCREAMING)
- (METAL CLINKS)
- (WOMEN YELP)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(SWORD CLINKING)
- (THUD)
- (SHOUTS)
- (METAL CLATTERS)
Fuck!
Oh. my God! If it was me
out there. she'd be dead.
Yes. of course. baby.
MADHU:
Come on. come on. come on.
- Go!
- (SHOUTS)
(GROWLS) Get that bitch.
WOMEN: (SHOUTING)
- (SWORD CLATTERS)
- (GROANS)
Ooh!
Faith!
- (GRUNTS)
- (GASPS)
You. We are gonna need
some glasses.
'cause we're about to
have a toast.
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING. WHIMPERING)
(CACKLES)
(SHOUTS)
Ah...
- (CLANKS)
- (STRAINED SHOUTS)
(STRAINED GRUNTING)
VIRAJ: (GROANING. GRUNTING)
- (THUDS)
- (SHOUTS)
FAITH: Grace! The ramp! Help!
(WHIRRING)
VIRAJ: No. no. no. no. no. no!
(SHOUTS)
What the fuck?
Open the door!
Bath time.
No. no. Hey. hey. hey.
- (SCREAMING)
- (THUDDING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
- (THUDDING CONTINUES)
- (SCREAMING STOPS)
What are you doing?
He might have a phone.
(SCREAMING RESUMES)
(SCREAMING STOPS)
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
- (WHIRRING SLOWS)
- (METALLIC THUDDING)
- (SCREAMS)
- FAITH: (YELPS)
Jesus. fuck!
GRACE: Oh. God.
FAITH: Shit!
(GURGLING)
(EXHALES SHAKILY)
(WHISPERS) Viraj.
(SHUDDERS)
(WAITER) Um...
Oh. please. fuck off.
(GASPS. GROANS)
- (GAGS)
- (SHUDDERS)
It's okay. Okay.
(GRUNTS)
Can you help me. please?
No. You got this.
You're doing great.
I'm not...
I'll just get in the way.
- (SQUELCHING)
- Ew!
(GAGGING)
(GRUNTS)
Oh. look. You did it.
(SCOFFS SHAKILY)
Thanks for your help.
He's gone.
(FLATLY)
I'm so sorry for your loss.
(CLICKS TONGUE) Mr. Rajan?
He's gone.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Mr. Rajan.
As your brother
has left this mortal plane.
you may take the field.
(INHALES)
Do I have to?
(SCOFFS)
Your family must be represented
by the eldest member
or legally appointed
Head of Household
in all Trials of Succession.
Per Article II. section 3.
subsection C.
Failure to do so
would mean forfeiture
of Mr. Le Bail's favor.
(GASPS)
You mean. um...
(WHISPERS) I'm afraid so.
(GASPS) What about my wife?
Are you saying you want
to abdicate your status
as Head of the Rajan family?
And make my wife hunt.
Yes.
(SPEAKS CROATIAN)
Jebem ti mater da ti jebem.
KIP: Oh. shit.
(YELLING IN CROATIAN)
Idi u picku materinu!
Idi u sto picke materine!
Gade jedan!
Crko da Bog da!
Motherfucker!
I'll just need you
to sign there.
Madhu. if you sign that.
I will make you very dead.
This is hard for me. too.
Fuck it.
Okey-dokey.
Ma'am. if you please?
(SCOFF)
Okey-dokey.
(RINGING)
FEMALE DISPATCHER:
9-1-1. what's your emergency?
(QUIETLY) Okay. Um...
I need help. My sister and I
are being held prisoner
at the Danforth Casino
Golf Course...
whatever Compound.
People are trying to kill us.
FEMALE DISPATCHER:
I'm sorry. ma'am.
Could you slow down
and repeat yourself?
GRACE: I said
I'm being held prisoner...
(PHONE BEEPS)
I decided to capture all the
outgoing calls on the compound
just in case they managed
to get their hands on a phone.
(WHISPERS) How?
We own the phone company.
GRACE: ...and they're all
devil worshippers.
I know it sounds insane.
but we need help.
We're at the Danforth Resort.
(WHISPERING)
Please send someone!
Yes. I understand.
We will send help right away.
Can you make it
to the main gate?
Yeah. we'll be there.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
(DOOR CREAKING)
(JAZZ MUSIC CONTINUES)
Are you sure about this?
Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm not here to hurt you.
Oh. Did you hear that. Faith?
The lady with the sword
- isn't here to hurt us.
- Right.
I have no desire to get
into some
punchy-kicky situation with you.
There's a way out of this.
I'm not here to kill you.
I'm here...
...to offer you a deal.
All right. what is it?
I had my lawyers
scour the bylaws.
I don't think the other
council members know this.
but if you marry
into a High Council family.
if you marry my son.
we get the seat.
and you get to live.
- Bullshit.
I swear to Mr. Le Bail.
She says yes. no more hunt.
No more hunt. And look...
I know your first marriage
didn't end well.
But my Cheng Fu isn't like Alex.
He's an idiot. but he's kind.
And the world will be
far better off
without the Danforths
pulling the strings.
- Grace.
- Titus is a psychopath.
His sister
won't be able to control him.
And the world will go to hell
faster than it already is.
But you're a good person?
Of course not.
But it's a matter of degrees.
Right. okay. so I'm just married
to some stranger.
- Yes. But...
- Great.
You don't have to live
as a couple.
You can do whatever you want.
- Yeah. she'll do it.
- No.
- What?
No. this seems too easy.
What. I wouldn't have to
do anything?
Well...
Okay. well what would
she have to do?
Technically. she'd be part
of The Organization.
But she'd just have to do
the usual stuff
we all have to do.
- It's not so bad.
- What's that?
What's the usual stuff?
- I mean...
- You mean
sacrificing goats and shit?
And fucking killing
innocent people?
Selling my fucking soul?
Yeah. that's gonna be a no.
- (GUN FIRES)
- (YELPS)
(EXCLAIMS IN SPANISH)
Puta madre.
Fuck off. Ignacio.
you fucking weirdo!
You know you can't kill me!
IGNACIO: (SPEAKS SPANISH)
Vete a tomar por culo.
- Say yes. Right now.
- Move!
If you don't. I have to kill you
before he does.
Jesus Christ! I'll do it!
I'll marry your fucking son.
- Chen! Joder! Move!
- Grace. just say yes!
Jesus. she'll say yes!
- Just do it! Please!
- (GUN CLICKS)
- Chen!
- She'll do it!
She'll marry your fucking son!
She has to say it.
You have to say it.
Goddammit!
Try dodging this!
(ALL GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(GURGLING)
- (METALLIC SCRAPE)
- (THUDS)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
Oh. no...
(DOOR CREAKS. CLOSES)
(SNIFFING)
Why is everyone looking at m...
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
(SIGHS) Okay. well. I'll need
a fresh one of these. stat.
And... give me a poncho
or something.
Thanks. champ.
Yep.
- (JAZZ MUSIC CONTINUES)
- (BOTH BREATHING SHAKILY)
Okay.
I'm really not used to people
combusting all over me.
Yeah.
No. It's always surprising.
Oh. (GASPS)
Fuck!
(METALLIC CLINK. RINGING)
Why did you say no?
You could have saved us.
Uh. because I don't want to
spend the rest of my life
fucking killing people.
Okay.
That lady sold her soul.
I'm not gonna sell mine.
I'd rather be dead
than live like that.
You want to know
why I don't take risks?
It's because the one time I did.
I got fucked and moved
to New York and I...
And I lost you.
You didn't move to New York.
You left me.
Faith. we can't
do this right now.
You could have
taken me with you.
I was 18!
It was a once-in-a-lifetime
scholarship.
- How do you not...
- We were a team.
You could have become
my legal guardian.
You were 15.
I couldn't...
I couldn't take care of you!
- I could have helped with rent.
- How?
It was New York. You were a kid.
Yeah. your kid sister.
I told you I had a plan.
I was gonna make a better life
for both of us.
I was gonna bring you out
once I graduated.
Do you know how long
three years is at that age?
Faith. you were okay.
You were safe.
- Grace...
- We had decent foster parents.
You had a roof over your head.
Grace.
You left me.
I called you for years!
You didn't want to talk to me!
- I was mad.
- It broke my fucking heart.
After you broke mine.
Mmm. God.
You remember the last thing
you said to me?
I said. "Please don't go."
And you said.
"I have to.
There's no other way."
I'm fucking sorry.
I'm happy for you.
I'm very happy for you
and your perfect life.
(SNIFFS) I made up Derek.
(SOBBING)
(GROANS) I live in Bushwick.
And I'm not
a social media manager.
(SNIFFLES)
What do... What do you do?
I'm a hostess.
Technically.
as a waitress. I outrank you.
Made me a hostess
because they said I'm so pretty.
Yeah. but you don't
get any tips.
I get a lot of tips.
'cause I'm really pretty.
Well. I don't need tips.
because my fake boyfriend Derek
makes bank. so...
Right. Right. right. right.
God bless Derek.
(CHUCKLES)
Let's go.
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
TITUS: Where are they?
(PHONE RINGS)
Shit. Can you get that?
It could be them.
(RINGING CONTINUES)
- What? Answer it.
- I don't want to answer it.
They can't get
the same 9-1-1 operator twice.
The fuck do I say?
Just fucking answer it.
(SIGHS)
9-1-1...
What's your emergency?
GRACE:
We're here. Where are the cops?
(SCOFFS)
Where are you?
We're following a wall
to the main gate.
I don't see a cop car.
The. uh. unit is... close.
Just wait there at the gate
and they will see you.
- (SHOUTS)
- (GASPS)
TITUS: You bitch.
- Did you see that?
- Nice.
So. we knew it was your voice
on the phone. fucking dumbass.
Yeah. Idiots.
We've been watching you.
Good for you.
All right. well. tell us
how to open the gate.
Well. you can only do that
from the control room.
How do we get there?
Yeah.
TITUS: (EXHALES) Well...
You go back inside
and you make a left.
The elevator on the far right
is the only one that descends
to the sub-basement.
You make a right.
You go into the control room.
When you're inside...
...you fuck yourselves!
(GASPS)
- (GRUNTS)
- Tell us how to open it!
I don't feel like it.
Tell us how to open the gate or
we're gonna kill your brother.
Fine.
Kill him.
I'm not fucking around.
Yeah. me neither.
Him out of the way.
the seat's all mine.
Well. that's some
cold-blooded shit.
So. who abandoned who? Hmm?
- Back in the day.
- Shut up.
You. right? You're older.
She's just been
holding you back all day.
You know
she's gonna leave you again.
- Shut the fuck up!
- (TIRES SCREECH)
(GRUNTS. SHOUTS)
- TITUS: Fucking hit me?
- (GUNSHOT)
(GRUNTING)
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
- Grace!
- Move!
Yes. yes! Run her down!
That's my bitch!
TITUS: Get out of the road!
- (SCREAMS)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(SCREAMS)
What?
(LAUGHTER CONTINUES)
I think she's leaving. boss.
(GROWLS)
(WHISPERS) Fuck!
Grace!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
- (BLOW LANDS)
- (GROANS) Fuck!
Faith. go!
What are you doing?
Get help!
Run!
(GROANS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(RIPPING)
(METALLIC SCRAPE)
(SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
Give it up. Grace.
This is for the best.
(PAINED GASPS)
(BOTH STRAINING)
FAITH: Get the fuck off her!
(GASPING)
Come on up.
Up. one. two. three. Just...
Okay. All right.
- (GROANS)
- GRACE: (GRUNTING)
FAITH: Oh. my God!
GRACE: We gotta get
to the golf cart.
FAITH: Come on.
GRACE:
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
(SIGHS)
"Kill him. I don't care."
I was stalling. you idiot.
(GRUNTS) She really did a number
on you. Let me look at that...
Stop treating me
like I'm a fucking child.
(SMACKS. INHALES)
Okay. I am ready
to take the field.
Mmm. You're not allowed to.
actually.
You abdicated.
You're no longer
the head of your family.
and your wife controls
all of your assets.
Even though
she's chosen not to hunt.
she still represents
your family.
Pardon?
You own nothing.
I think. uh... (INHALES)
I think I need to lie down.
Where shall I send
your brother's remains?
To your mother's asshole.
you fuck.
Well. have a nice nap.
Fuck you!
And fuck you.
you creepy little fuck.
- (CHUCKLES)
- I fucking hate all of you!
Fuck you. too.
KIP: Okay.
That's not at all sad.
I'm ready.
Give me the fucking pen.
(WHIRRING)
(GASPING)
Come on.
- Aah.
- Come on. Come on. Come on.
(GRUNTING)
- (GASPING)
- (GRUNTING)
- GRACE: Mmm.
- FAITH: Come on.
I told you to fucking run.
(SIGHS) Just sit.
(GASPING)
Let me. let me...
- Let me help pull it.
- No. No. No! No!
- It's gotta come out!
- (SHRIEKS) No!
(GASPING)
(WHIMPERS. BREATHES RAPIDLY)
(SIGHS)
(SCREAMS)
(FLESH SQUELCHING)
(GROANS)
Mmm!
I'm gonna find you something
for the pain.
Yeah.
Oh! There's pepper spray.
You don't think.
You don't listen.
Out of all the options
in front of you.
you always manage
to pick the dumbest one.
It's actually impressive.
How... How do you do it?
I saved you.
You could have saved yourself.
- You could have gotten help.
- (SIGHS)
I can't take care of both of us.
I ca... I can't do it.
It's all my fault.
I know. I'm such a burden.
You're a fucking child!
The only reason I'm fucking here
is because of you.
and now I'm gonna
fucking die here because of you.
You would have died hours ago
if it wasn't for me.
I'm sorry I didn't run away
and abandon you.
but that's more your thing.
I was right to fucking leave.
And I wish you never
God damn found me.
Wow.
(SIGHS)
You're right.
I should've run.
Good luck. And fuck off.
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
Fuck.
Fuck!
(SNIFFLES)
Faith. wait.
- FRANCESCA: Hi. cunt.
- (GASPS)
Oh.
- Bye. cunt.
- Fuck.
- (SHRIEKS)
- (SPRAY HISSING)
- (SHOUTS)
(CONTINUES SHRIEKING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
- (BLOW LANDS)
- (GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(THUD) Oh!
- FAITH: (GASPING)
- All alone again?
Huh?
Thought you could fuck with me?
(GASPS. SCREAMS)
(PAINED CRIES)
Where is your sister?
She's gone!
She's probably bringing the cops
right now!
(BOTH YELPING)
(GASPING)
(GRUNTING. GROANING)
We own the cops.
Oh!
(PANTING)
- (GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING. SCREAMING)
("TOTAL ECLIPSE OF THE HEART"
BY BONNIE TYLER PLAYS)
- Oh. shit!
- God damn it.
(SCREAMS)
Where the fuck are you. whore?
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
FRANCESCA:
I'm gonna tear you apart!
- (GROWLS)
- (BLOW LANDS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(EXCLAIMS IN SPANISH)
Hija de puta.
(SCREAMS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(WHIMPERING)
Slowing your sister down
is the only significant thing
you've ever done.
And will ever do!
Oh! (WHIMPERS)
- You're not even a person.
- (GROANS)
TITUS:
Just a collection of organs
and meaningless opinions
approximating a personality...
BOTH: (GRUNT)
(GROANS)
("TOTAL ECLIPSE OF THE HEART"
BY BONNIE TYLER CONTINUES)
(GRUNTING)
(MOANS. GASPS)
(BOTH SCREAM)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GASPING)
(SOBBING)
(SCREAMS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
(BLOW LANDS)
(SCREAMS)
(GROWLING)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
I've been dreaming
about this moment.
You obviously don't know
where you are.
This is my house.
(SHOUTS)
And the house always wins.
- (GRUNTS)
- (BLOOD SPLATTERING)
(CHUCKLES. GASPS)
How long you been
saving that one for.
you fucking... (GASPS)
...douchebag?
(CHUCKLES)
(BOTH GRUNT)
FRANCESCA: (GROWLS)
This was my mother's dress.
All she ever wanted
was for me to be happy.
And Alex made me happy.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
GRACE: You're fucking crazy.
(GASPING)
TITUS: (CHUCKLES)
(MUSIC CONTINUES. MUFFLED)
(GASPS)
TITUS: I'm gonna kill you now.
(GRUNTS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GASPS)
You stole him.
You changed him.
Dude.
he didn't fucking love you.
(WEAK SHRIEK)
(SHRIEKING) I hate you!
- (SCREAMS)
- (CYMBAL CRASHES)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
("TOTAL ECLIPSE OF THE HEART"
FADES)
(GRUNTING)
(BOTH GRUNT)
URSULA: Titus.
- Titus. stop.
- (KICKS LANDING)
Titus. what the fuck
are you doing?
Killing this girl.
Jesus Christ. Titus.
We don't have time for...
Oh!
(PANTING)
(SIGHS)
(EXHALES)
(GROANING)
- FAITH: (GRUNTS)
- Titus. wait.
(GASPING)
We can use her.
GRACE: Faith.
(WHISPERS) Faith.
Faith!
- (SPEAKER FEEDBACK)
- TITUS: Grace.
I know you're out there.
I have your sister. Grace.
Don't you worry. She's doing...
Well. she's doin' just peachy.
Go on.
Grace.
Grace?
TITUS: Yeah.
If you don't return to the lobby
within the next ten minutes.
she dies.
Grace. just leave me.
After she's dead.
I'm gonna find you. Grace.
wherever you are.
and I'm gonna kill you.
So. if you want to
save your sister.
get your ass to the lobby.
Hey.
After I kill your sister.
you and I are gonna
have more fun.
Take her to The Lodge.
(WHISPERING) Fuck.
Fuck.
(GASPS)
♪ Run. run. run ♪
♪ Time to run and hide ♪
♪ Now I'm gonna find ♪
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
- Back for round two. bitch?
- Yeah.
Say hi to Alex for me.
(GRUNTS)
She's fucking here.
- Oh. Christ!
- (SIGHS)
Help me. you fucking turd!
Faith!
Grace?
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
Where is my sister?
(MUFFLED) I don't know.
I'm not playing anymore.
I'm an innocent bystander.
- (GRUNTS)
- Oh. shit. shit. shit!
(WHIMPERS) Fuck!
FAITH: Grace!
Grace!
Faith! (PANTING)
(MUFFLED THUD)
Faith!
(GRUNTS)
Where is she?
I-I don't know! I don't know.
Tell me where she is!
I don't... (GASPING)
- Tell me where she is.
- Ah!
KIP: (SHOUTS)
- Let's dance. puta.
- Shit.
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
Okay.
(SHOTGUN CLICKS)
Oh. fuck.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS. PANTS)
(GASPING)
- (SLAMS)
- Oh!
Faith. no!
- Don't hurt her!
- Come out of there. Grace.
- FAITH: Grace!
- GRACE: Fuck you!
TITUS: That glass may be
two inches thick
but I can still blow
your sister's brains
all over this window.
- Grace!
- You only have three seconds.
- No.
- Three.
- Don't do it.
- Two.
Don't listen to him.
- GRACE: (SOBS)
- One.
Okay. okay! Stop. stop!
I'll come out. I'll come out.
Uh. no! Grace. don't.
Grace.
If you marry me.
Grace. no!
FAITH: Look at me.
I would rather die
than you lose your soul.
That woman. She said
there's a loophole to all this.
FAITH: (WHIMPERS)
She said if we get married.
you'll get your seat.
And I get to live.
FAITH: (PANTING)
Well... don't know
if we'll be able
to get her out before dawn.
Fuck it. I accept your proposal.
- FAITH: No.
- GRACE: (EXHALES)
Okay.
Okay. good. Good.
I'm gonna need
some assurances first.
so I know you're not just gonna
kill us both when I come out.
- I swear to you.
- Don't swear to me.
you fucking shit-for-brains!
Swear to Mr. Le Bail!
I swear to Mr. Le Bail
that no harm
shall come to you
or your sister.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GASP)
You're okay.
You came back.
Of course I did.
I'm so sorry.
I'll have everything you need
brought in.
Um. get ready.
The guests are already
arriving for the coronation.
(DOORS SLIDE SHUT)
I thought maybe
we could have a toast.
We're about to become family.
Grace.
I never wanted to hurt you.
But I had to follow the rules.
Listen.
we don't have a lot of time.
so I'm just gonna say it.
I'm scared.
It's my brother.
I didn't understand
who he really is.
I spent my whole life
searching for the good in him.
You know what I found?
Nothing.
(SCOFFS)
Absolutely fucking nothing.
I thought I could keep him
in check. but he's lost it.
Grace. I need your help.
We have to try
to control him together.
Having the seat
doesn't have to be bad.
Think about all the good
we could do with that power.
But I need you at my side.
Grace. you're not like us.
You have hope.
I don't. though.
You took it from me.
Yeah.
We are good at that.
(GASPS)
A little girl time?
Thank you for showing me
who you really are.
Titus. it's not what you...
(GAGS. GRUNTS)
(WEAKLY) Titus. stop!
(GAGGING. COUGHING)
You want to control me.
URSULA: No. no.
You want all the power
for yourself. huh?
- No. No. No.
- You do. You do. You always did.
- URSULA: No.
- You always did.
Titus! Stop. please!
- Look at me. Grace.
- URSULA: No.
- Grace. look at me!
- I can't breathe.
Pernilla. make her look at me.
- URSULA: Oh. Titus. stop.
- I want you to see this. Grace.
(GRUNTING)
I want you to see this. Grace.
- GRACE: (GRUNTS)
- URSULA: No!
I want you to see who I am.
I want you to see that I am not
a man who can be controlled.
(GRUNTS)
TITUS: You mentioned the rules.
There's nothing in the rules
about killing a family member.
I love you.
TITUS: (STRAINED GRUNTS)
(BONES SNAP)
(GASPS)
(BODY THUDS)
(PANTING)
Try to keep me in check now.
Just try.
(EXHALES)
I told you it would be me
who got you.
I'll see you at the altar.
(GRUNTS)
(HYPERVENTILATING)
(METALLIC CLICKING)
- (LATCH CLICKS)
- (DOOR CREAKS)
(DISTANT CHANTING)
- (CHANTING)
- (LATCH CLICKS)
(HEAVY DOORS SLAM)
(SILENCE)
(DOORS CREAKING. SLAM)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(WHISPERS) You can't do this.
I have to. There's no other way.
(SNIFFLES)
It's okay.
(SIGHS)
Shemhamforash.
I can't see shit. Move.
(SPEAKS LATIN)
Nomine Satani Lucifer excelsis.
In the name of our
great and eternal benefactor.
come forth and bestow
your blessing upon these.
In the names of Satan. Lucifer.
Belial. Leviathan.
Come forth and bear witness.
Hail Satan.
Welcome. everyone.
I'm pleased so many of you
could make it.
Not only do we have our
coronation this fine morning.
we also have a wedding.
Our cup runneth over.
(RUMBLING)
(DOORS CLATTER)
(GOAT BLEATS)
Titus.
Your hand. please.
Your vows being made by intent.
by the power of Satan.
I now confer the possession
of each other upon you.
Titus Chester Danforth.
do you take this woman.
in this world and the next.
unto the fires of Hell?
I do.
And do you. Grace Elizabeth
MacCaullay Le Domas.
take this man to be yours.
in flesh and spirit.
in this world and the next.
unto the fires of Hell?
I do.
God.
What he hath forged in Hell.
let no mortal tear asunder.
We ask this in thy name.
oh Lord.
I now pronounce you
man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
(INHALES FORCEFULLY)
GRACE: (GRUNTS)
(SCOFFS)
Titus Danforth is hereby granted
the High Seat
of The Council of Le Bail.
(METALLIC CLATTERING)
(APPLAUSE)
Hail Satan.
CROWD: Hail Satan.
THE LAWYER: Hail Satan.
Hail Satan.
- CROWD: Hail Satan!
- (GOAT BLEATS)
(CROWD CHANTS)
- Hail Satan.
- (GOAT CRIES)
Hail Satan!
(SHOUTS)
- (CHANTING QUIETS)
- CROWD: (GASPS)
- (GASPING)
What the fuck?
Mm-mm.
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
Fuck yeah!
GRACE: (SHOUTING)
(GROWLS)
(GROANING ANGRILY)
- (GURGLING)
- CROWD: (GROANING)
(WHISPERS)
It's not against the rules
to kill a family member.
Thank you for that.
It's me who got you.
(WEAKLY) Help me.
(GASPING)
(GROANS)
What the fuck is happening?
Get on your knees!
Shemhamforash.
THE LAWYER: Shemhamforash.
CROWD: Shemhamforash.
Shemhamforash.
Shem... Shemhamforash.
(GOAT BLEATS)
This means I can do
whatever I want. right?
That is correct.
Huh.
I could lead this operation.
I could change the world.
So. as my first act.
as the head
of your High Council...
...I hereby remove myself
from the Council
and this entire
fucking Organization!
Bro. can she even do that?
There's surprisingly
little language about this
in the bylaws.
since no one
believed anyone would
ever willingly give away
so much power.
Okay. but then
who gets the fucking seat?
Whoever's wearing the ring
by dawn.
When's dawn?
In three minutes. Give or take.
But just the Council families
or...?
Literally anyone.
And you said if no one's
wearing the ring by dawn.
Mr. Le Bail would be...
Very upset.
"Very upset."
(GASPS) You...
Choke on it. you inbred fucks!
(GASPS)
- (RUMBLING)
- (METALLIC CLICKING)
(GASPING)
(ALL GASPING)
I'm coming. my love!
- Shemhamforash!
- CROWD: (GASPS)
Hail Satan!
(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
KIP: Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck!
(SCREAMS)
Oh. wow.
(SHOUTING)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(SCREAMING)
Someone had to burn it all down.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTS. SCREAMING)
You are good
at destroying things.
(SCREAMS)
- (SCREAMS)
- (SCREAMING)
Ah!
(SHOUTING CONTINUES DISTANTLY)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
You're free.
WOMAN:
I'm coming for you. Satan!
Mm-hmm.
FAITH: See ya. Bye.
- (SCREAMING. GROANING)
- GOAT: (BLEATS)
(LIGHTLY) Hi. Yeah.
Hey. yeah. don't look there.
ALL: (SHOUTING)
- (EXHALES)
- (SHOUTING CONTINUES DISTANTLY)
- (METAL CLANKS)
- Whoops.
(SHOUTS. GRUNTS)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SHOUTING)
(LAUGHING)
- (FLESH SQUELCHES)
- (SHOUTS)
(SHOUTING)
- (CRACKING)
- (SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS)
- (KNIFE CLINKS)
- (GROANS)
MAN: Mine! Mine!
(SINGING IN LATIN CONTINUES)
- (CLANKING)
- (SHOUTING CONTINUES)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(METALLIC CLANKING)
(HORN BLOWS)
(MUFFLED EXPLOSIONS. SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
(DRIPPING)
- Fuck yeah! (LAUGHS)
- BOTH: (YELP)
I'm alive. bitches! (GASPS)
We made it! We made it!
Holy fucking shit. (LAUGHS)
Yeah. I've renounced my pact.
so I've been spared. too.
Let's fucking party...
Jesus Christ!
(GASPS)
(GROANS. SPUTTERS)
(DEEP GROWLING)
(WHISPERS) Was that...?
(FLATLY) Yeah.
Can we go?
- (FLATLY) Yeah.
- Okay.
("WILL YOU STILL LOVE ME
TOMORROW" BY BRIAN FALLON PLAYS)
♪ Tonight you're mine
Completely ♪
Rocket launcher.
♪ You give your love
So sweetly ♪
Come on. Let's go.
(ACOUSTIC GUITAR PLAYS)
♪ Tonight
The light ♪
♪ Of love is in your eyes ♪
♪ But will you love me
Tomorrow? ♪
(SIGHS)
♪ Is this a lasting treasure? ♪
I love you.
♪ Or just a moment ♪
I love you. too.
♪ Of pleasure? ♪
I missed you.
♪ Can I believe
The magic of your sighs? ♪
Yeah. well. you know.
not gonna have to anymore.
You're gonna get
really fucking sick of me.
♪ Will you still love me ♪
Promise?
♪ Tomorrow? ♪
I do.
♪ Tonight
With words unspoken ♪
♪ You say I'm the only one ♪
FAITH: What're you gonna do
with the goat?
GRACE: I don't know.
FAITH: How many times
are you gonna
get married this week?
GRACE: It's too soon.
FAITH: It's gotta be a record.
GRACE: Oh.
I wanna go to a hospital.
FAITH: I need a bath.
GRACE: I need food.
♪ ...meets the morning sun ♪
♪ I'd like to know
That your love ♪
♪ Is love I can be sure of ♪
♪ So tell me now ♪
♪ And I won't ask again ♪
♪ Will you still love me
Tomorrow? ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ Will you still love me
Tomorrow? ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Will you still love me ♪
♪ Tomorrow? ♪
♪ Will you still love me
Tomorrow? ♪
("GRAVE DIGGER: PART 2"
BY ICE NINE KILLS PLAYS)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm